Updating code examples for Serializing JavaScript Functions (#1381)
pulumi/docs: content/docs/reference/serializing-functions.md

Because of these reasons, Modules are captured in a special, but intuitive fashion. When a module is captured in code, it is translated into a idiomatic `require` call in the serialized JavaScript code. Using the above example, the code will then effectively contain:

```javascript
var fs = require("fs");

// ...

await fs.writeFile("example.txt", "data");
```

This ensures that all modules can be referenced simply in application code, and then used simply in 'run time' code with expected semantics.

Notes:

1. this form of module capturing only applies to external modules that are referenced. i.e. modules that are directly part of Node, or are in the node_modules directory. The 'local' module (i.e. the module for the Pulumi application itself) is not captured in this fashion. That's because this code will not actually be part of the uploaded node_modules, and so would not be found. The 'local' module is captured as if it was a normal 'value'. This means, all its relevant variable and functions are serialized over in a uniform fashion to the Lambda, regardless of which actual file/module they are contained in.

### Pulumi Execution Order

> `pulumi` uses `node` to execute a Pulumi application. During execution, when a call to `createLambdaFunction` is encountered, the function is converted to a Lambda at that point in execution. That means that if the function captures any state, then the value that is captured will be whatever it was at the point in time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`pulumi` uses `node` to execute a Pulumi application. During execution, when a call to `new aws.lambda.CallbackFunction` is encountered, the function is converted to a Lambda at that point in execution. That means that if the function captures any state, then the value that is captured will be whatever it was at the point in time.
```

For this reason, it is highly recommended that code not capture values which are also mutated in code. It is much safer and easier to reason about immutable values that are captured in code.

To see the problems this avoids in practice, consider the following two programs:

```typescript
let obj = { a: 1, b: 2 };

const lambda = new aws.lambda.CallbackFunction("mylambda", {
  callback: async () => {
    console.log(obj);
  }
});

obj = { a: 3, b: 4 };
```

```typescript
let obj = { a: 1, b: 2 };
obj = { a: 3, b: 4 };

const lambda = new aws.lambda.CallbackFunction("mylambda", {
  callback: async () => {
    console.log(obj);
  }
});
```

> When `pulumi` starts executing `createLambdaFunction` it will analyze the JavaScript function code and will see that it uses the 'obj' value. At that point in time it will use whatever the value is currently to serialize over. So, in the first example, it will serialize the value `{ a: 1, b: 2 }`, even though right after executing createLambdaFunction the program code will update that value to `{ a: 3, b: 4}`. In the second example, the code will see the `{ a: 3, b: 4 }` value and will serialize that into the 'run time' code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When `pulumi` starts executing `new aws.lambda.CallbackFunction` it will analyze the JavaScript function code and will see that it uses the 'obj' value. At that point in time it will use whatever the value is currently to serialize over. So, in the first example, it will serialize the value `{ a: 1, b: 2 }`, even though right after executing createLambdaFunction the program code will update that value to `{ a: 3, b: 4}`. In the second example, the code will see the `{ a: 3, b: 4 }` value and will serialize that into the 'run time' code.
```
